hey what is going on guys welcome
everyone back to another advanced
warfare video and in today's video I
guess we're here for some more call of
duty news more specifically some call of
duty 15 news about some info and leaks
for the next call of duty that could be
coming out it could be black ops 3 water
war two I will let you guys know that at
the end of the video so in today's if
you want to be looking at is some leaks
from david vonderhaar on twitter if you
don't know who david vonderhaar is i
guess you can say it's basically the
development manager the community
management manager back in black ops 2
black ops wanted to remember back then
he used to be a big figure in those
games i guess you could say is basically
the michael quandary of black ops 2 and
i'm pretty sure most of you guys do
actually know that so coming off some
links basically he's been tweeting out
some weird stuff here and there's also
be kind of swearing on twitter i'm not
exactly sure exactly what he's doing i
guess it's kind of funny but basically
what he's tweeted out is this as you
guys can see on the screen right now it
basically says running through the world
with my sixes and as you can see it
actually has an image attached and it
says are you absolutely sure you want to
blank space there is no going back no
matter how many times a day you tweet me
and it says yes I'm sure stop treating
me like I'm 12 no this is not some sort
of tragic accident it says confirmation
and basically there's like a black and
red gradient over the stuff blanking
some stuff out so as you guys can see by
the picture already what this is showing
us is a prestige mode that could be
coming out in call of duty if anything
this can be a joke from david vonderhaar
himself by knowing David or Vonda hi in
the past most of the stuff he tweets out
actually later come out to be true so
what we can actually take away from this
tweet or image itself is I guess you can
say a lot of people have been saying
that specifically that black ops 3 may
be coming out instead of World War two
if you actually have another closer look
at the picture basically this image has
the exact same font style as black ops
to deter basically it's got that impact
font and as you can see on the second
box where it says no this is some sort
of tragic accident it's got that orange
orange outline gradient that black ops 2
had if you
remember in the menu basically used to
look like that so as I said before if
anything this could be a joke from david
von der ho if they added this into the
game that would be pretty funny you'll
be probably added in as some Joker
something actually no be added in as
maybe an April Fool's type of thing when
you go ahead and prestige but as you
guys know obviously is tweeting this out
for a reason I don't think he's just
going to randomly tweet it out for no
reason unless he's going for favorites
or retweets or whatever but what have a
lot of people have been speculating is
that this could be little hints towards
what we could be seeing in the future
now a lot of people have also been
speculating and saying that these color
fonts or these images the red and black
radiances you guys can see are hiding
some sort of logo or something along
those lines so that logo to the right or
the red and black gradient could behind
it could be hiding a prestige logo or
something along those lines for the next
Call of Duty hiding something we don't
exactly know I've seen a few people who
try to decipher what is actually behind
there it just turns out to be a picture
I can be trolling us we don't actually
know so in conclusion to the video we
don't exactly know why david vonderhaar
does this as i said before when he
tweets something out usually later on it
actually does become true and what guys
I want to know down below in the
comments section is what next Call of
Duty do you want to see would you like
to see black ops 3 or would you like to
see what at wor to personally I would
love to see black ops 3 and what war to
just as equal but if they could bring
zombies back that would be insane if
anything once again I want to know your
thoughts down below in the comments
section as I said before this thing
could be a joker could be little hint
towards stuff we could be seeing in the
future it's david vonderhaar we have no
idea what he does in his crazy mind on
twitter but that is going to be the
video for today guys if you have enjoyed
a lack would be appreciated your support
is always awesome once again down below
in the comments section i want to know
what do you want in the next ecology do
you want black ops 3 or do you want
water water that's gonna be the comment
of the day thank you guys for watching
and I will catch you guys later globe
out yeah
you